drugs you're looking for hi this is sami
from android next we're in london at
samsung unpacked event 2012 and all the
rumors all the speculations from the
last week and now mere shadows of the
past this is the real deal this is the
samsung galaxy s3 they presented it
tonight they presented it in a very
emotional way they talked a lot about
design around humanity inspired by
nature and have to say that it quite a
good job it's a very nice looking device
it feels good in the hand it's very
light it's only 133 gram it's a little
thicker than the galaxy s2 in fact it's
eight point six millimeters but you
don't really realize it it's very light
it feels very polished even though it
has a 4.8 Super AMOLED HD screen so it's
quite a big screen but they managed to
to make the bezel real small so it's not
as big as you would with suppose I have
the white variant it's called marble
white in fact it's just plastic casing
nothing special here but it's white and
they have a blue variant you can see it
here in the background it's called
pebble blue they won't have a blackberry
and so this is something new only a
white and a blue model will be available
available the device be injured in
Europe at the end of March 29th exactly
so we will in Europe you will be have
the device before even the Asian and the
American markets have it in Europe there
will only be a 3g version the United
States will get a 4g LTE version as well
and if you heard it's only it's only a
super amoled screen no super amoled plus
so some people may be afraid of the
Pantanal matrix downsides but as far as
i can say on the first view there's
nothing to be afraid of it's a really
gorgeous display it looks very good very
vibrant I have it now on the on the
highest brightness setting but still
it's very impressive and it runs very
smooth very fast that's probably thanks
to android 4.0 ice cream sandwich and
the quad core processor which works
inside samsung did not say which one it
is we suppose it's the exynos 4412 which
runs on 1.4 gigahertz so after all in on
the first view it's a very good device
I'm really looking forward to testing
this intensely
and we are very thankful that times 10
showed us the device and all the rumors
can stop no this is the samsung galaxy
s3 this was army from android next to
you next time bye bye